
### What is this site about?
##### This is a personal website, a blog of sorts. I’ll be posting about my experiences, my thoughts and my opinions on a variety of topics. I’ll also be posting about my projects and my abilites here for the world to see. I hope to use this site as a way to showcase my skills and my personality to the world , while also introducing others to some interesting things spanning Computer Science, Economics, Finance , Business History, Trivia and more. I also plan on getting a few friends of mine who are exceptionally talented in their respective fields to write a few articles for this site.

### How did I build this site?
##### The exact details of how I built this warrants an entire post that I will conjure up soon, but for now I’ll just say that I used Hugo, a static site generator written in Go. Wanting to push boundaries and try some new tech, I did initially plan on writing this using SvelteKit , VuePress or NextJS but decided to go forth with Hugo since it seemed to be the most mature and well documented of the lot. Not to mention a long conversation with a good friend who convinced me that for a site that needed constant modifications and updates , I was better off using a static site generator rather than a full fledged framework. All of the content is statically built and rendered on the server side and the site is hosted on Cloudflare. There were webhooks from my GitHub repo that trigger a rebuild of the site everytime I push a commit , but I have now scrapped that in lieu of building it locally and deploying it manually because it was faster. I’ll be writing a detailed post on how I built this site soon, so stay tuned for that.

> PS : Almost everything I design follows the principles of Jonathan Ive , so if you see a lot of white space and minimalism, you know why.
